## Introduction
* Automated test allows us to write the tests according to the requirement. It allows us to test our program repetitively. If a new feature is added to or removed from our application, or if the requirement is changed, the automated test helps us to ensure that the existing functionalites are working properly with the new one. We won't have to check if an existing feature has broken after developing a new feature and changing a feature. However, we need to update the test cases if a feature is changed according to the requirement.

* When the software developers build the features according to the requirement, the QAs write test cases for those features. And those test cases can be automated or manual. 

* Sometimes developers write test cases before developing the software. After implementing a feature, the relevant test case is passed. When the software is fully developed, all of the test cases are passed. It is called **Test Driven Development (TDD)**.

## New test cases and refactoring existing test cases
* Remove the base url from questions_spec.rb and users_spec.rb
* Create `spec\support` directory for helper modules
* Comment in the following code from `rails_helper.rb` to activate helpers modules from support directory
```ruby
# The following line is provided for convenience purposes. It has the downside
# of increasing the boot-up time by auto-requiring all files in the support
# directory. Alternatively, in the individual `*_spec.rb` files, manually
# require only the support files necessary.
#
Dir[Rails.root.join('spec', 'support', '**', '*.rb')].sort.each { |f| require f }
```
* Add `common_helper.rb` and write a user with valid information. Therefore, it can be reused. 
We can write different types user for our testing purpose. 
```ruby
module CommonHelpers

    def valid_user(user)
      user = { 
        first_name: 'John',
        last_name: 'Smith',
        email: 'john@smith.com',
        password: 'supersecret'
      }
    end
  
  end
```
* Include `CommonHelpers` in relevant files
* Instead of writing user for different tests, use valid_user
* Add `session_helper.rb` and write the method to login.
```ruby
module SessionHelpers

    def login(user)
      post "/sessions", params: {
        email: user[:email],
        password: user[:password]
      }
    end
  
  end
```
* Refactor questions_spec.rb with session and common helper
* 